update notes on next-steps for CI/CD best-practices (#14289)
docker/docker.github.io: ci-cd/best-practices.md

## Next steps

We know there are a lot more tips and tricks for using Docker in CI.

> However, we think these are some of the important things, considering the [Docker Hub rate limits](https://docs.docker.com/docker-hub/download-rate-limit/).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
However, we think these are some of the important things, considering the [Docker Hub rate limits](../docker-hub/download-rate-limit.md).
```
